Hey there, Angie from Iowa here.
Thought I'd give my little review on Flangoo.
Let me tell you that this a really great product
that came at an awesome time in my opinion, and...
You think about it, you have so many students that
are gone from your class
for whatever reasons. Maybe, maybe they have school events.
We like our kids to be active and well-rounded.
Maybe they, you know, they've been gone for whatever other absence.
This is a really powerful tool that you can put in your kids hands.
They already have their devices with them.
They take them with them everywhere they go,
even when they are gone, and, you don't have to worry about
sending a book with them, and worrying about not getting it back.
You can just say, "Hey, hop on Flangoo. Read this particular book."
They can flip through it wherever they are,
and I think that's really awesome.
So, you know, kudos to Teacher's Discovery.
Thank you for a really awesome product that is continuing to be fantastic,
and what you can see on the screen here as well is kind of the landing space,
and, they have it divided into a few different levels,
and there's lots and lots of books on here.
You've got your chapter book readers, but you've also got these
Alsop little mini, mini-stories, mini-dramas.
I have actually used this one in my class before,
and so what you can do when you get into one of these, you can click start reading,
and I'll show you, once navigation goes,
but also, we what that accessibility. We want that equality of education for our kids.
This is embedded. Love this.
They can listen to it. They can slow it down. They can speed it up.
You've got lots of different words here that are italicized.
So, a small, small little bite sized story in this case,
Let's say you need to look up a few things, OK,
Look down here. You've got the glossary, so if you want to look up a word,
that's how you do it.
You want to hop back-and-forth between chapters?
So, again, like I said, it's a really powerful resource.
You can see here that there're chapter questions as well.
So, again, try this out. It's really, it's really worth it.